Document ML enabled `auto` (#18784)
netdata/netdata: src/ml/ml-configuration.md

# ML Configuration

> Netdata's [Machine Learning](/src/ml/README.md) capabilities are enabled by default if `db = dbengine`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Netdata's [Machine Learning](/src/ml/README.md) capabilities are enabled by default if the [Database mode](/src/database/README.md) is set to `db = dbengine`
```

just added a link to db so users know what we are talking about here

To enable or disable Machine Learning capabilities on a node:

1. [Edit `netdata.conf`](/docs/netdata-agent/configuration/README.md#edit-a-configuration-file-using-edit-config)

> 2. In the `[ml]` section, set `enabled = yes` to enable or `enabled = no` to disable. The default setting, which is `enabled = auto`,  will only enable ML if `db = dbengine` 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. In the `[ml]` section, set `enabled` to `yes` to enable ML, `no` to disable it, or leave it at the default `auto` to enable ML only when [Database mode](/src/database/README.md) is set to `dbengine`
```
